when I got the confirmation I wasn't
expecting it and to say I scream like a
little girl is an understatement it was
funny just run around in circles
screaming to myself and it straightened
the internet watching dance moves can't
wait to literally just hit the hit the
studios and just start rehearsing
learning those moves Nelly in those
routines and the costumes will be fun
these are costumes that you don't
normally wear I'm not I'm not prone to
wearing sequins and lycra and high heels
often unless it involves fancy dress but
it's gonna be fun I get to a dress up
every week learn a fantastic routine and
dance with a beautiful young lady Tom
obviously last year was amazing I
thought he was really fantastic he
looked like a professional dancer by the
end there Matt the angel I loved a lot
of his routines where he had a lot of
tricks and things um they've all been
very good I mean the girls always look
very very professional but those those
two stood up for me telling that i'd say
i'm looking forward to to make the salsa
rumba and that the intricacy of the
Argentine tango it's a lot of footwork
which is very technical but looking
forward to hi I'm Ricky Whittle and you
can watch me this autumn on Strictly
Come Dancing on BBC one